a.) Within each object I tested all the methods. When possible I gave them good and
bad inputs and tested them separately. I tried to think of all possible situations when a method
may be used or abused and replicate that in my tests.
b.) Unit testing – I went through and tested all the methods in the card class. I did not test
Deck methods with unit tests being that the Deck class depended on the Card class so I did that
testing in my integration testing. I first tested setValue(), setName() and setSuit() by creating
a card object. I then tested those methods individually. Next I tested the rest of the methods,
which were getters by creating a card and calling the given method.
Integration testing - I tested the card and deck class together by creating deck(s) and running
tests. In the first test I create a deck, printed it, shuffled it and then printed it again.
This showed me the deck in both states. Next I Dealt one card, printed the card, shuffled it,
dealt it one more time and printed it again. With this test I am able to check that the deck no
longer has those cards and view which cards were dealt.
System testing - Being that there was only two classes and that they have already been tested
together there wasn't much need for system testing. As a whole the system does, what it
is designed to do. It creates cards, shuffles them and deals one. The cards are in a suitable data
structure so that when the rest of the sytem is implementented the elements will be easy to retrieve.
c.) In my testing I made sure to test good and bad inputs. In the setValue(), setSuit() methods
I checked negative and positive values. When a deck is created I test to make sure that 1 to 16
sets of cards are all that is allowed. I print cards often to make sure that the program is doing
what it is expected. All inputs are checked and handled with error readings.
d.) The results of the test were as expected. I did along the way have to rework my tests to ensure that
all methods were being tested.
The test files explain exactly what is being tested at the top of every test.